Xiao Chen's wife
No one can touch him
Forget it. Forget it.
No, kill him for me
Please don't move.
What do you want?
Give it to my wife
What's the matter
All right.
Aren't you very good at fighting?
Will spank you
Come out and mix with strength
Have a background
Do something cheap to win the photonic business
Some money in hand
Think of handles.
This is your strength and background, that's right
Do you have it? I'm a little bit
I'm afraid saying it will scare you to death
I'd like to know if what you said is true
Hmm, but you don't have the chance
I was going to take it back
The land that belongs to my Zhang family
Kill me, Su Zhenguo, a heartless traitor
But you two are laughing
Do not send
Then don't blame me
I have to send you to see the king of hell together